what's up everyone welcome to this which
is my seventh video as part of an
eight-part series on impactful
communication on social media
and this series is all about looking at
eight different social media platforms
and how you
can come at these platforms at an angle
that most people
aren't willing to they're not willing to
do the things and the tips that i'm
talking about in these videos for one
reason or another
but if you do them if you take the time
and do these things
you are going to stand out in a positive
way on these platforms
i hope these videos have been beneficial
so far in the series
we've already talked about facebook and
information like facebook birthdays and
how we can take that information from
online offline and make a bigger impact
with
it then we talked about linkedin and how
it is an under leveraged network
with things like recommendations and
long-form posts
and how you can stand out on that
platform the next video was all about
instagram and how you can slide into
people's dms in a non-creepy way
and make a big impact and experiment
with reels
the fourth video was about twitter and
how so many people are talking on
twitter
tweeting on twitter but fewer are
listening to those conversations and
commenting on other people's tweets and
if you do so
how you will see a benefit from that the
fifth video in the series was about this
platform that we're on right now
youtube and how by interviewing other
people
you will grow your youtube channel
faster the last video was about a brand
new social media app
called clubhouse which you may have
heard of and
basically what it is and why you should
start experimenting with it and taking
it seriously because
there is huge upside potential for
personal brand building
on clubhouse this video is about tick
tock
and for all of you who have ever said
tick tock is
stupid and it's only kids on tick tock
and it's stupid dance videos and i hate
it and i never want to use tik tok
fair enough i think a lot of people have
made those comments and made those
assumptions
but here's the truth people constantly
make those comments and assumptions
about anything that is new i remember
people saying the same thing
when instagram was brand new and how it
was only for hipsters and
nobody wants to be on a social platform
where it's all photo based
and the truth is most of us if you're
watching this video i bet there's a
reasonable chance that you're on
instagram today and i think
i'm gonna make a prediction i would say
in a couple years there will be a
reasonable chance if you're not already
on
tick tock that by that point you might
be on it by then as well
and what happens on these platforms is
early on they are one thing
but then people assume that that's all
it is so a lot of people
were making tick-tock videos that were
various dance moves and
and silly meme type things and people
assume okay that's all the platform
is but with all social media platforms
an evolution happens over time and as
user adoption
increases people find their niche they
find their subject they find their
topics
the fact most people aren't using a
platform
we've talked about this a few times in
the series that your greatest roi for
posting on social media
is when more people are viewing than
there are people posting
this is true for linkedin and this is
true for
tick tock it was also true for clubhouse
which is the last video
but it is definitely true for cl for
tick-tock there are more
people watching tick-tock videos than
there are people putting out tick-tock
content and if you can be one of the
people especially if you have
a specific niche that you think there is
no way this belongs on tick-tock
that means probably most other people
believe there is no way that belongs on
tik-tok
which means if you can find a way to
make it belong on tik-tok you
are going to see the benefit a few times
in my channel i've referenced another
channel i'm
a part of which is called show me the
crypto all about cryptocurrencies and
blockchain technology
one of the interesting things about show
me the crypto is we are on
youtube but we're on several other
social media accounts and our
fastest growing social media account by
far
has been tick-tock at first we
questioned if we should even create an
account on tick tock but we did and we
post video content there
and that has been growing exponentially
quicker than the other platforms
and what that tells me is that there is
less competition in that space we have
figured out a way
to put cryptocurrency content on tick
tock whereas most other people haven't
even tried
therefore we are getting rewarded for
being innovative in that way
and you can do the exact same thing the
biggest tip i have for this video is to
simply get started
experiment with tik tok if you've been
saying that this platform isn't for me i
have no use for it
go download the app start observing
content
search out hashtags or information that
resonates with the things that you are
interested in or content that you'd
eventually
like to post and see what other people
are doing
see what is resonating in terms of view
counts with other viewers
and start to think about what you could
be doing and it doesn't have to be the
tick tock trends or the tick tock
dances you can do whatever you want i
could take
this video i'm doing right now about
impactful communication
and i could make a tick tock video about
it i don't have to put music behind it
this sound can be the audio that's
coming out of it and i could put some
subtitles for people who don't have
their sound on
so that they get a general context of
what i'm talking about whether they have
the sound on or
off because sidebar quick social media
fact
80 of the people who are on social media
watch content without sound on now i
don't know if that's true for tick-tock
probably not
probably higher percentage due there but
for apps like facebook
most people watch videos with the sound
off because they're doing so
at work or in a place where it's not
really conducive to listening
to the audio as well so subtitles are
such an important piece
and it's important to leverage that
whether it's tick tock or facebook so
that's my challenge to you
it's very simple like the clubhouse
video is start experimenting
with tick-tock get your account do your
homework research what other people are
posting
and then do it just challenge yourself
to start creating content start putting
it out there
see what gets higher view counts than
other pieces
but just give yourself a challenge
something like over the next month
you're going to post 15 pieces of tick
tock
content that's only one every two days
it's not that crazy
and at the end of the month you can see
if it was worthwhile if you learned
anything
or perhaps you can decide okay it's not
for me at this time but at least you
gave it a try you didn't make up
excuses i hope that this the seventh
video in the series was beneficial to
you on how to
start up with tik tok start creating
tick tock content
if you like this video subscribe hit
notifications bell
and i can't wait to come to you with
more great social media and impactful
communications videos